Coffee. He needed coffee. Needed to go out and get supplies. And he needed to sit and have a coffee.


“Do I need to stay in the place all the time?”
“No. The whole point is to make it look occupied. Turn the lights on at night – obviously. And come and go during the day. Park a car out the front. Get deliveries. You know what burglars are like Ernie. They’re looking for empty places. They don’t like it if there’s someone in.”
“Mostly.”
“Mostly what?”
“Mostly they don’t like it if someone’s in.”
“Well, they weren’t burglars were they.”
“Probably not – but we’re still no sure who they were.”
“We’re pretty sure we…”
“Just can’t prove it.”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Susannah Yo was found beaten to death in the car park of the Isambard Kingdom Brunel pub in Muswell Hill. The pub’s set up was a survival from the days, long gone, when people drove to the pub, drank all night, and then drove back, dinging a few cars and the odd pedestrian on their way. 
Those days were long gone. But the pub still has the same set up today. 

The car park is huge. Roughly sixty yards wide, and about 80 yards deep. The landlords have been trying for years to get planning permission to build on it. But the council and the surrounding residents are having none of it. As a result, it’s dark corners, furthers from the “conservatory” that occupied the whole of the back of the pub, became the place where all kinds of surreptitious meetings took place. 

Now, these furthest corners were bleached with floodlights and CCTV, but thirty years ago, it had been an area that prostitutes worked, and – so romantically – so did lovers whose wives and husbands might object to them bringing back their new close friend. So, especially between the hours of about ten and midnight, it wasn’t uncommon for there to be two or three rocking cars, discreetly placed. 

But before that, in the seventies and eighties, it had already been established as, not just a place to get illicit sex, but also – information.

Coppers met their sources there. Journalists met their sources there. Coppers met journalists. All in and among the hookers and the “romantic”, Jesus, “romantic” assignations.

Susannah Yo was four feet eleven inches tall. On her passport it said 150cm, but that was rounding up. She weighed seven stone – 44 kilos. Whenever Klee read that statistic, he shifted uncomfortably, thinking about his weight. She was tiny. But by all accounts, certainly all the accounts that Klee had either read, or heard first hand, she was exceptionally good at looking after herself, and avoiding situations where she might be in danger. 

Until that night. When someone smashed her skull in. Smashed her skull in with a really unusual spanner.

“Don’t start on the spanner again Ernie.”

“It’s a special gauge.”
“I know” 
“And bound with string and glue.”
“I know”
“So it’s hard to get fingerprints off.”
“But still, if we still had it, we could – I’m sure there’d be DNA in the glue.”
“Ernie. It’s over.”

The discovery of Susannah Yo’s body by the pub cleaner at 6:15 or so the following morning started the most expensive, most investigated, and still unsuccessful murder investigation in the history of the Metropolitan police, and so, in the history of English, and United Kingdom policing. He wasn’t sure about Europe. Maybe there was a case in Lichtenstein that had cost more and been covered up / fucked up even more badly. Maybe there was a case in Italy that was more obviously a corrupt cover up. He doubted it.

But that day, 17th July 1996, was special in another way for Ernesto Klee. It was his first day on the job.

-----------------------------

“The largest black coffee you can give me – with an extra shot.”
“That’s four shots,” warned the girl behind the counter. 
“I know. That’s fine,” he smiled.
“Name?”
“Ernie.”
He’d given it before he could really think. Bah! This was why he’d never been even suggested to go undercover. He absolutely didn’t know how to be anyone but himself.
It was mid morning on a Monday. The commuters who were grabbing a coffee before they got on the train, or sticking it in a cup holder and sipping it as they drove, they were gone.

Right at the back was a man with a blonde shock of hair and a full ginger beard whose clothes didn’t look that clean. When Ernie looked in his direction he returned a slightly aggressive stare. But nobody else in the place seemed to be bothered by him. And the staff didn’t seem to be giving him a second thought. 

He’s always in here, thought Ernie. 

There were a couple of people, a beautiful thin young – what Indian? Asian – woman wearing a pink top, typing into a rose gold laptop. Protected from the world by a large set of pink, over-ear headphones. “Is your favourite colour pink?” thought Ernie.

And a huge young man. Sitting at the same sized table as all the others. But in front of him, it looked tiny. Similarly with the laptop. Looking from table to table, Ernie realised that it was, in fact an out-sized laptop. It was nearly twice the size of the “rose gold” girl’s laptop. But in front of him, it looked tiny.

He found a seat somewhere where he could see Rose Gold and Mr Enormous. The décor, was clean, bright and deliberately uncomfortable. To encourage you to avoid doing, exactly what he, and the other customers, who clearly didn’t intend to throw down their coffee go, were doing. Sitting for hours in a cafe.

“You didn’t manage to come back for that tea.”
Lilly Jones, nee Ting was standing in front of him. Clutching a large coffee cup.

“Er, no. Well, first day. You know. A lot to do.”
“Are you settling in?”
“Getting there. Actually I did have one question.”
“Yes? Is there – does someone come and clean? I understand Mr Boht has been dead more than two weeks – but the place seems to be spotless.”
“Oh, yes, I should have probably told you about that – and she’s due in today. The cleaner, well, the cleaner is my mother.”
“Mrs Ting?”
    



