So the hope would be that I could come here and recover. My naive idea was that this would be somewhere that I could sit quietly.

Maybe sit and watch the telly! Lots of security guards do that.

But this place...

It doesn't exactly give me the willies. And I'm starting to realise that sleeping inside a tent inside a building for some reason is a thing with live in security guards.

What is it I don't like about the tent?

That is a single, single bed. 

This old man sadness.

God! That came straight out completely formed.

It's right though. Old man sadness.

The bathroom, the pathetic kitchen.

The musty smell of the tent. 

I mean, I don't want to even think about how you would clean something like that, but if you can't clean it, like a normal bed.

So, in the end, I've ended up just camping out in middle.

Stuck in the middle with... Well, no one really. Stuck on my own in the middle.

And I suppose I could drag the telly from inside the tent and put it in the middle. 

This is something I find. Maybe other people who do this are different. Are there other people who do this? I've heard Pausing tell of them. I've never met them. Sometimes I've taken over from them when they've suffered a nasty end.

For some reason I didn’t want to move the telly and I didn’t want to sleep in the tent. I’ve been sleeping in the middle. So, I've found myself pacing the bookshelves looking for readable things. 

I like reading. But I don't like reading anything that's any kind of effort. 

Who am I?

Who am I right now.

Somebody who probably shouldn't be here. Not just someone who shouldn’t be in the middle of this maze in this chapel full of things. Someone who shouldn’t be anywhere *at all*.

Someone who should have blown up with their car.

Someone who fled in a clown car. A nearly dead-man's car.

O come on, isn't that a bit dramatic?

Isn’t having your car blown up a bit dramatic? Was that really the Met? Is that really likely?

They're saying it's terrorists. Terrorists. In Highgate? That's possible. But what would terrorists want with you?

Do we have to go back to exactly what it was that Jacky found? Do we have any idea what it was that Jacky found?

If it was someone who *really* wanted to kill me, wouldn't they have managed it by now.

Let's face it, fleeing to Birmingham in a baby caca car isn't exactly a genius escape. Did "they" whoever "they" are, follow me?

If they did, where are they?

You're trying to forget it aren't you? What? What are you trying to forget? Well, if you can't remember, you've succeeded. But you haven't really have you?

OK, this is crazy.

The eternal question.

Why did she every marry you?

Not that question.

If I ate nothing but used teabags for a month, would I really lose weight?

Not that one either. 

Even though it's not eternal, it's amazing how often you find yourself wondering that.

I think the bag bit of the tea bag is indigestible and bad for the environment, it's got like asbestos in it or something.

"Like asbestos" that sounds like it's come from a good source. Well researched, probably came of one of those readable books you like so much.

What's your sergeant up to?

Ah, that eternal question.

It was always the question when you were on the job.

He's never entirely honest with you is he?

No.

But he always seems to have your best interests at heart doesn't he?

Yes.

Even, if, at first, you're not convinced.

Yes.

So why are you here?

I don't know.

Say what you see. 

I'm sitting in a cafe.

OK, not right now. 

Back in the chapel, what do you see?

Books, books, books.

Not just books.

Statues.

Not just statues.

Crockery.

No just crockery.

Paintings.

Is any of this stuff valuable? Is any of this stuff nicked?

What is old tap dancing Terps going to do with it?

I dunnno.

How did Boht die - and how is Terps related?

Dunno.

Who do you know that could help?

Henry could help with the antiques. 

What? Help with nicking them?

He's a reformed character. 

I know his character, it would need a renaissance, a revolution and a complete renovation, not just a reformation. 

Now you're sounding just like Henry. 

And Clemency could help with the books.

No.

But she.

No.




